Clarify example https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3349 (#4820)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/manage_search.adoc

       - certificatepolicies
----

> The example allows `services` and `pods` to be collected from all `apiGroups`, while allowing all resources to be collected from the `admission.k8s.io` and `authentication.k8s.io` `apiGroups`. The example also prevents the central collection of `secrets` from all `apiGroups` while preventing the collection of `policies`, `iampolicies`, and `certificatepolicies` from the `apiGroup` `admission.k8s.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample configmap above allows `Services` and `Pods` to be collected from all `apiGroups`, while allowing all resources to be collected from the `admission.k8s.io` and `authentication.k8s.io` `apiGroups`. Concurrently, it prevents the central collection of `Secrets` from all `apiGroups` while preventing the collection of `Policies`, `Iampolicies`, and `Certificatepolicies` from the `apiGroup` `admission.k8s.io`.
```

Author: Thanks, made some updates using your suggestions. To conform with IBM Style, the resources need to remain lower case as they appear in the example though.
